pgBackRest and TDE support (#4314)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/supported-open-source/pgbackrest/04-recommended_settings.mdx

To solve this problem, add `pg-version-force=15` into your configuration, in the stanza section (where `15` is the major release version used).

### EDB Transparent Data Encryption support

Transparent data encryption (TDE) is an optional feature supported by EDB Postgres Advanced Server and EDB Postgres Extended Server.

> To let pgBackRest work when this feature in enabled, add the following settings to the `[global]` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature in pgBackRest , add the following settings to the `[global]` section:
```

Author: Thank you very much for the review and the rewording suggestion @drothery-edb!
